listen so I was alive when the original
trailer came out with a super detailed
sonic and everyone went
but then the studio did it's fans had
requested and redesigning Sonic causing
the animation studio to work so much
over time that they closed down making
everyone then go but done the movie
ended up being kind of decent and it was
the highest grossing videogame movie in
all of America some are saying wow this
looks amazing and sourcing this looks
terrible you know I'm kind of in-between
let me explain Tom Hanks wasn't
available and I got to play Sonic that
shot it's crazy to think Ben Schwartz
had done a favor for a short test film
like years back now he's voicing one of
the most influential characters as the
lead to do research like any good method
actor or actress I downloaded sonic
mania for Nintendo switch which was just
basically in an excuse to play video
games
that said it obviously adds some
complications along the way producer Tim
Miller for whatever reason felt that
Sonic should be based off of Ted and
have realistic fur and that's why we got
this it was a freaky poster that came
out looking like he was gonna play at
the NBA all-star game the trailer made
him look like he belongs in Whoville
with those pajama legs but Miller also
felt was Sega about keeping Sonic 2 eyes
for the movie instead of the Dylan
Harper connected Univision he has in the
game all the while the original
designers were like did can you stop
changing things we shouldn't but we are
kind of starting to get used to demented
cgi hybrids coming out of Hollywood
at least they're nice enough to remove
the buttholes I guess meanwhile poor
John Ralphie has to write his own name
on the poster and he's voicing the main
characters you're the animated you're
animated yeah I wasn't good enough to be
a human being so it's just my voice
hedgehogs are interesting as far as the
story goes we found a little Sonic being
sent away from his home planet Kyle
style some fans didn't like him being an
alien so I actually searched up to see
where he's actually from Nebraska so the
essence Sonic may actually stand for
hope he gets sent to earth through his
rings which act as portals when he ends
up in Montana where he starts snooping
on this couple in order to get their
Netflix password crazy thing is that
Paul Rudd was rumoured to be in this row
and now
that would have killed it like him and
Ben Schwartz going back and forth would
have been fantastic not that I don't
like Marcin one of the best parts of the
imagined video but you know obviously
Sanne gets his name because of his super
sonic speed but then it gets
tranquilized by wachowski causing them
to interact and what's funny is that for
james marsden that meant acting
alongside a beanbag while ben got to go
in and play with whatever it is that
they shot anytime we can cut a puppet or
anytime we could add something we did so
I did a billion all that said before
they Matt sonic had caused a blackout
while running meaning that the
government has to call in their movie
world's version of Elon Musk
with all this gadgets machines and grime
eNOS and what I love about machines they
do what they're told I'm gonna be honest
Jimmy's role would of killed in the 90s
you just sit there and be u s-- less
robotic wants to capture this new
creature and weaponize the supersonic
speed putting Sonic's loved ones in
danger so even though he's got less
rings inari he uses one to protect his
new family and sends them back home to
Montana and then sends Robotnik into
another dimension which I completely
disagree with psych
you can't send this man to another
planet that would be like sending a Rick
to another universe he's he's gonna find
a way he's a wonderful character to play
and of course he's a 300 IQ so it took
me a week and a half to prepare I even
with all the issues and I mean issues
there were I think the cast and crew
really were passionate about the project
they dropped the money for a queen track
just we could run to the words
supersonic but I wish that further
little Quicksilver moments which was
cool I wish that they also had a better
song playing there they cast a riff raff
in his first role just to cut him I was
really surprised that they got into
sensitive subjects as well we don't like
your kind around here
our kind what kind is that
hipsters that's that this movie does
something that felt more unlimited than
the breadsticks they were trying to
promote
have you tried their never ending pasta
bowl it never ends if you follow the
shadow at all you know I'm very vocal
against product placement when it
decides to just stop the plot of the
movie just so Michael Bay character can
take a drink there are plenty of times
when it is integrated well and it's a
part of the story and I'm not saying
that Sonic's is completely terrible I'm
not saying it's perfect but you did make
me chuckle yeah the sarcastic approach
and then having the balls to D ad ver
Ty's Amazon yeah I found it funny the
end credit animation 'z were also really
cool we're even in competition at the
South by Southwest Film Festival
I thought the callbacks to previous Jim
Carrey movies was pretty cool I did two
impressions of him in the movie little
Easter eggs to Jim Carrey there's a line
in Dumb and Dumber where he goes our
pets heads are falling off there's
another one in Ace Ventura there's a
scene where he has a football and he's
in a tutu and then he crashed him
somebody goes let's see that and it's a
replay let's back up and even though it
did pander at times the kids ate it up
at mole screenings and they loved it and
I think that the movie does a successful
job at fulfilling what it needs to be as
a family movie that said sonic want that
smoke I hate mushrooms thank you guys
for checking out this video and I'm
curious to know your thoughts down below
in the comment section when it comes to
video game movies I think this one did a
better job in terms of comedy I would
say detective Pikachu did better with
the designs but here they had like a lot
of Easter eggs in the background like in
his plays he's got a hussein bowl poster
there was some sonic beams I made it
into the movie and just the entire
concept of him having older stuff
because he doesn't steal from people and
those are just like their hand-me-downs
or trash nobody did steal our van so I
don't know if they take rings or not I'm
curious to see where they take this with
a sequel now that they actually have the
design set hopefully you know they bring
back the animators from the previous one
because I know that with the ending
credits they also mentioned tales you
know we're gonna get Robotnik back
probably looking more like the Teddy
Roos voting pajamas but I was surprised
it was it was a pretty decent story I'm
glad that they did an early release as
well so that people can catch it at home
during these times but curious to know
your thoughts don't forget to comment
like
I just thought you might like a latte
with steamed Austrian goat milk
do I look like an imbecile of course I
would a lot of tape I love the way you
make them